Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information in connection with the Davlinks service.

### Contacting Us
If you have general questions about your account or how to contact customer service for assistance, please write us at info@Davlinks.com. For questions specifically about this Privacy Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at info@Davlinks.com.
Collection of Information
We receive and store information about you such as:

• Information you provide to us: We collect information you provide to us which includes:
o your name, email address, address or postal code, and telephone number. We collect this information in a number of ways, including when you enter it while using our service, interact with our customer service, or participate in surveys or marketing promotions;
o information when you choose to provide ratings, taste preferences, account settings (including preferences set in the "Profile" section of our website), or otherwise provide information to us through our service or elsewhere.
• Information we collect automatically: We collect information about you and your use of our service, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well as information regarding your network, network devices, and your computer or other Davlinks capable devices you might use to access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices). This information includes:
o your activity on the Davlinks service, such as title selections, shows you have watched, and search queries;
o device IDs or other unique identifiers, including for your network devices, and devices that are Davlinks capable on your Wi-Fi network;
o device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information including type (wifi, cellular), statistics on page views, referring source (for example, referral URLs), IP address (which may tell us your general location), browser and standard web server log information;
• Information from other sources: We also obtain information from other sources. We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the data. These sources vary over time, but could include:
o service providers that help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement;
o security service providers who provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Davlinks accounts;
o online and offline data providers, from which we obtain aggregated demographic, interest based and online advertising related data;
o publicly-available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers (ISPs).
Use of Information
We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts, to manage member referrals, to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. For example, we use such information to:

• secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Davlinks accounts;
• prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and to enforce our terms (such as determining whether and for which Davlinks signup offers you are eligible and determining whether a particular device is permitted to use the account consistent with our Terms of Use);
• analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences and service performance) and optimize content selection, recommendation algorithms and delivery;
• communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Davlinks, details about new features and content available on Davlinks, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with operational requests such as password reset requests. These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications (described below). Please see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to set or change your communications preferences.
Disclosure of Information
We disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below:

• The Davlinks family: We share your information among the Davlinks family as needed for: providing you with access to our services; providing customer support; making decisions about service improvements; content development; and for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement.
• Partners: As described above, you may have a relationship with one or more of our Partners, in which case we may share certain information with them in order to coordinate with them on providing the Davlinks service to members and providing information about the availability of the Davlinks service.
• Promotional offers: We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive. Please note that these third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices.
• Protection of Davlinks and others: Davlinks and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Davlinks, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law.
• Business transfers: In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement.
Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer personal information to other countries, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection.

You may also choose to disclose your information in the following ways:

• certain portions of our service may contain a tool which gives you the option to share information by email, text message and social or other sharing applications, using the clients and applications on your smart device;
• social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information.
Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies.

### Access to Account and Profiles
• “Remember me” function: For ease of access to your account, you can use the "Remember me on this device" function when you log in to the website. This function uses technology that enables us to provide direct account access and to help administer the Davlinks service without requiring reentry of any password or other user identification when your browser revisits the service. 
• Giving others access to your account: If you share or otherwise allow others to have access to your account, they will be able to see shows you have watched, ratings, and account information (including your email address or other information in the "Account" area of our website). This remains true even if you use our profiles feature. You might have the option to use seamless account login through the Davlinks mobile app, which enables login to the Davlinks app on smart TVs, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices on the Wi-Fi network to which you are connected. If you use that feature, those devices will remain signed into your account unless you later log out of those devices. 
• Removing device access to your Davlinks account: To remove access to your Davlinks account from your devices: (a) visit the "Account" section of our website, choose "Sign out of all devices," and follow the instructions to deactivate your devices (note, deactivation may not occur immediately) or (b) delete your Davlinks settings from your device (steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices). Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or Davlinks ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information.
Your Choices
Email and Text Messages. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email or text message, simply access the "Communications Settings" option in the "Account" section of our website and uncheck those items to unsubscribe. Alternatively, click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or reply STOP (or as otherwise instructed) to the text message. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions.
Push Notifications. You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Davlinks. On some device operating systems, you will be automatically enrolled in the notifications. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to turn them off. We also offer push notifications on certain web browsers. If you agree to receive those notifications and subsequently decide you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your browser’s settings to turn them off.
WhatsApp. If you have enabled WhatsApp messages in connection with your Davlinks account or profile and no longer wish to receive them, you can use your WhatsApp app settings to block them.
Matched Identifier Communications. Some third party sites and apps allow us to reach our users with online promotions about our titles and services by sending a privacy protective identifier to the third party. A privacy protective identifier means we convert the original information (such as an email address or phone number) into a value to keep the original information from being revealed. The third party compares the privacy protective identifier to identifiers in its database and there will be a match only if you have used the same identifier (such as an email address) with Davlinks and the third party. If there is a match, Davlinks can then choose whether or not to send a given promotional communication to you on that third party site or app, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of online advertising. You can opt out in the “Marketing Communications” section of the “Account” section of our website.
Your Information and Rights
You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you.

When you visit the "Account" portion of our website, you have the ability to access and update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information, your Davlinks payment information, and various related information about your account (such as the content you have viewed and rated). You must be signed in to access the "Account" section.

### Security
We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information.

#### Other Websites, Platforms and Applications
The Davlinks service may be provided through and/or utilize features operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to access the Davlinks service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies, privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Davlinks service.

### Children
You must be at least 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Davlinks service. Minors may only use the service with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian.

### Changes to This Privacy Statement
We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued use of the Davlinks service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you may cancel your use of the Davlinks service. To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below.
